Hellblazer you know the first thing that we're going to do for the aesthete or install installer as
uplifting as the application is very great.
OK we're going to use Andy to help us to set up information about our blog.
OK.
That is good for as you and not just good that is important for the.
As you can.
What we're going to do.
Go to Plug-In and new
Gomorra.
OK.
Search for as he or Andrew and the plug in that we're going to use is the E or blogging by yours.
And that is a great plug in and it is very widely used and it is used as you see one plus one plus million
dollars of OK.
It is very popular again.
And we're going to use this again in Stylo
and it's going against all of this.
Again this is an amazing blog and also help us to write as he or optimized post.
OK.
Help us to read as you are optimized post and I'm going to show you how much in this video we're going
to set up this again and we're going to set up the information about our blog and the next one to you
and we'll show you that how you can optimize your posts using this blog.
OK.
This is a very nice in that we're going to use and it does that tells us that how awesome your post
is.
OK.
And it is good for you.
Is it bad for the as you are it is OK for the US you go.
OK.
And I'm going to show you in the next video.
And in this video we're going to set up the information about our website is sticking and it's taking
longer to download.
OK.
Now we're just plugging in
the
OK or some don't eat up like an eastern star you can because if you want badly you will start to wear
clothes.
You do.
OK.
Nobla with these boxes is a thing that we have not said anything about this.
You would go into all everything.
OK.
So first thing let's go to the plugin that we just install it is right here.
OK click on this.
OK.
Now we have this pop up.
This is the general we're going to do the you're in for TAB OK.
OK.
Here is the information about our website.
It is the name you remember what we do the name part of it we wrote how it is for the example.
So same thing I'm going to write.
And here is the native name.
What is the name about your website.
What could be the Internet.
Maybe you can think of if there is an name.
Where is the company what kind of company is it a company or a person's blog.
OK.
So choose whatever you choose.
Ok for that your blog is working for the company and you can choose the company.
And if it is your personal blog and you're writing the information about just about yourself or about
your personality you can understand what I'm saying OK you can do whatever you want here but I'm going
to use here.
You can write the code name.
You can write to the company.
Upload a company logo.
OK.
So it will tell Google that this is the company's blog or your company's website.
So fill these two information if this is the company OK.
The next thing is Mr. Dalwood we're not going to do anything about this right now.
OK.
And security again we are done with the general setting.
It's time to work on the most important thing that we're going to do in displaying and that is titles
and metals.
This is the most important thing.
OK.
Here it is.
No Google you have seen you must have seen that there is when we say something there's a time and there
is a creator and then the name of the website.
This is the separator.
OK.
These are just opinions.
Let me show you what it is.
Fordable we are going to search about for Facebook.
We're going to touch Facebook on google and see what it appears.
Here it is.
This is the separator game the name of the Facebook.
And then there is the article you can see and here in the center there is a separate and similar here.
This is a separator you can see and this is a a hyphen.
This is a printer.
This is this one.
These are pictures do you use totally unique spiritlessly.
Awesome.
OK.
The Disappeared results are available that today is using.
So these are his supporters.
But I recommend you to keep the first one.
OK.
What are you going to use whatever you want.
It's not.
It doesn't hurt the ear.
OK.
You can choose any way you want.
The next thing we're going to do good sitting as it is now because her home home page and here is the
important part.
This is the dietary template of our website that how our rights really appear in the search engine how
about our ups appear there will be the site name.
So let me get a body and show you how it will work for us.
For example first is this site name our site appear at.
At first you can see a difference and it's starting off the data.
OK.
You can see the same thing here.
This is the title.
OK.
Facebook.
Facebook is basically the title of this Facebook website.
And this is does and what will be ours will be helped.
OK.
And then what will be what will be there.
There is the page name.
OK.
And I want you to remove this page name.
This is basically if it will it will show the pages of our website.
We have ANY page.
OK.
But I recommend you remove this again.
Then we will have our separate.
OK.
Wait a second.
Then we had other then we will have our separate just like this.
First we will get held just like Facebook.
Then we will get a separator as SBP means the preacher then we get to disputer and then we will get
the site description.
OK.
So description this is the site description for the Facebook app.
This is not actually the description Facebook crowd is on intentionally but for us there will be the
site description but it will be description description for our health website that this could be welcome
to our website or it could be let me see what else we have faced let live.
This is a description not accurate description that you see in here.
It is a drug that in this description is Biscardi.
The title of you can say at the absurd our blog just like does Wikipedia define nobody.
This is the description.
OK.
We're talking about distribution not description.
Then we will see the description.
So this is no better description template.
This is a general description that we see here.
This one this is the description and this is very important.
This description OK and this one these are the gentleman description.
These are very important.
Right.
What you're upset about is about right of between 50 to 100.
OK.
And make sure it is very awesome and people like it.
So this is that.
Now let's talk about the boss types here we done with the general and her body both types.
How are both biggies and all other things appear.